# 水箱监控系统现在是防堵塞的

> 原文：<https://hackaday.com/2015/01/21/water-tank-monitoring-system-is-now-slug-proof/>

[Peter] is doing his part toward protecting the environment and conserving water. He’s built a rainwater collection system complete with an underground storage tank. Since he wanted to monitor the water level in the tank, he made a [level indicating system](http://www.makechronicles.com/2012/06/09/arduino-project-11-2d3d-pictures-measuring-a-water-tank-level-v2-hc-sr04-ultrasonic-rangefinderarduino-uno1-0/). Everything was going well until one day out of nowhere it stopped working, only returning 0’s as the level. [Peter] took a look and found that I slug had made its way into the electronics enclosure and slimed up the traces on the PCB, causing short circuits.To fix the problem [Peter] decided to redesigned the system. This time it would be built into an all-weather electrical box. The system uses a standard hobby ultrasonic range finder to measure the distance from the top of the tank to the level of the water. Two holes cut into the electrical box allow the sender/receiver components to peek outside of the enclosure. Any gaps were then filled with sealant. [Peter] also added a thermistor to measure the temperature inside the tank.The sensor values are read by an Arduino and sent wirelessly to [Peter]’s computer via a pair of XBee’s and a second Arduino with an ethernet shield. The data are sent in 3 minute intervals and automatically stored in a MySQL database for quick reference of level and temperature trends. Now [Peter] can monitor his rain water remotely and adjust his usage habits accordingly. Want to read more about water tanks? Check out this [overflow monitor](http://hackaday.com/2013/06/16/water-tank-level-meter-prevents-overflow/) system.